White Paper
**Brief Summary:**
A project that will pave the way for the use of cryptocurrencies as a payment method in one-to-one exchanges and markets. With this project, the taxes applied by the countries will be reset and the thing sold for 120 money will be sold for 100 money, and as the sales risk will decrease with the decrease in the wage, the wages will decrease further. Since countries create a perception as insecure, many people do not invest in cryptocurrencies because they do not trust cryptocurrencies. If developed countries officially recognize cryptocurrencies, no developed countries will want to officially recognize cryptocurrencies, as people will prefer to invest in cryptocurrencies instead of country currencies, and therefore they will not be able to tax something they do not officially recognize. They will only see this as a trade off. In short, it's like 2 apples for 3 pears.
The working logic of the application: In order to send a crypto money from one wallet to another wallet, the user reads the qr code, after the qr code that is read, the confirmation menu comes to the party that will send the money. How much crypto money to send to which address is obtained from the qr code. If the user who will send the crypto money approves the confirmation menu, he makes the payment to the address obtained from the qr code. To be able to pay in cryptocurrencies, 4 things are needed. To which wallet the crypto money will be sent, to which wallet the crypto money will be sent, the secret key and the amount of crypto money. In this payment method, the qr code only contains the wallet address and the amount of crypto money, and no other information. Therefore, it is reliable. If the payment is made, the hash created by the payment is automatically opened in the internet browser and it is seen in detail whether the payment is sent or not, from which address to which address. The process takes an average of 10 seconds. Binance, the world's reliable exchange, has been preferred for payment. Trading with BNB cryptocurrency is both fast and inexpensive. Whether you send $1 or $1 billion, the commission is about half a dollar. Unlike the percentage commissions taken by banks, the innovation will be with crypto payment systems.

**One-to-one barter system:**
I say barter system because as soon as developed countries recognize crypto money, the value of their currencies will decrease, so this will only be seen as a barter system and taxes will not be levied and banks will not be depended on. This barter system requires 2 things. The party that will pay and the party that will receive the payment.
1- The party that will receive the payment writes the amount of crypto money they want and presses the create button.
2- The party that will make the payment reads the QR code and reads the confirmation menu, checks the amount of crypto money and the address, and presses the confirmation button.
3- Within 10-15 seconds, the payment will be received by the other party and an internet browser will be opened on the paying party, and this web browser will display a web page querying the status of the hash information of the payment.
Note: In addition, users can review all incoming and outgoing transactions in detail by typing their wallet addresses in the search section whenever they want.

**Barter system to be used in stores:**
0- Each cashier in each store has a different wallet address and this is written on the back of the cash registers in large format, so that customers can check the address in the payment confirmation menu.
1- The cashier reads the products and then presses the enter key as if sending them to the pos device.
2- By pressing the Enter key, a qr code is created with the amount of bnb and the qr code is displayed on a small screen on the customer's side of the cash register.
3- The customer reads the qr code and confirms it from the confirmation menu.
4- The menu of the last transactions of the wallet address of the cashier is constantly renewed every 3 seconds from the screen on the customer-facing side of the cash register. The customer can check the payment result either from the automatic page opened on his phone or from the screen of the cashier.
